fix(Checkbox): Refactor CSS, reorder tokens, add input state documentation (#2058)
Amsterdam/design-system: packages/css/documentation/coding-conventions.md

We style both the native invalid state (`:invalid`) as the invalid state you can set manually, using `aria-invalid`.
We’re currently not sure how our users will implement forms, which is why both options are supported.
[Native form validation isn’t without its issues](https://adrianroselli.com/2019/02/avoid-default-field-validation.html) though, so we might only support manual validation in the future.

## Follow this precedence order for input states

Inputs can be in various states, such as disabled, hovered, invalid, or even a combination of those.

> Some can have multiple values as well: checkboxes can be checked, unchecked, or indeterminate.

Author: ```suggestion
Some have defined values: checkboxes can be either checked, unchecked, or indeterminate.
```

Visual cues must help users recognize each possible state and value.
This results in a complex set of states to apply styles to, and specificity issues lurk.

We aim for clear and simple CSS with the smallest selectors possible, even if this makes the entire stylesheet more difficult to follow.
To maintain consistent styling across all input components, we follow these precedence orders:

States:

1. **Disabled** always takes priority. A disabled input should not react to hover, focus, or invalid states.
2. **Hover** should always be visible unless the input is disabled.
3. **Invalid** shows a validation error. It should not override disabled and must be paired with a hover state, meaning each input should have an invalid hover state defined.

> 4. **Default** is the basic state.

Author: AI keeps changing this to 'basic', but I think 'base' is more correct here, no?
